Feat locales info options (#8985)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/intl/locale/weekinfo/index.md

---
title: Intl.Locale.prototype.weekInfo
slug: Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Intl/Locale/weekInfo
tags:
  - Internationalization
  - Intl
  - JavaScript
  - Property
  - Locale
  - Localization
  - Prototype
  - Reference
  - weekInfo
browser-compat: javascript.builtins.Intl.Locale.weekInfo
---
{{JSRef}}

> The **`Intl.Locale.prototype.weekInfo`** property is an accessor property which returns the `WeekInfo` record fields `FirstDay`, `Weekend` and `MinimalDays` for the associated `Locale`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`Intl.Locale.prototype.weekInfo`** property is an accessor property which returns a `weekInfo` object with the properties `firstDay`, `weekend` and `minimalDays` for the associated `Locale`.
```

## Description

Returns the `Locale` information associated with the Locale data specified in [UTS 35's Week Elements.](https://www.unicode.org/reports/tr35/tr35-dates.html#Date_Patterns_Week_Elements).

## Examples

### Obtaining the Week Information

Return the week information for a given `Locale`.

```js
let he = new Intl.Locale("he");

> console.log(he.weekInfo); // Prints {firstDay: 7, weekend: [5, 6], minimalDays: 1}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
console.log(he.weekInfo); // logs {firstDay: 7, weekend: [5, 6], minimalDays: 1}
```

let af = new Intl.Locale("af");

> console.log(af.weekInfo); // Prints  {firstDay: 7, weekend: [6, 7], minimalDays: 1}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
console.log(af.weekInfo); // logs  {firstDay: 7, weekend: [6, 7], minimalDays: 1}
```

let enGB = new Intl.Locale("en-GB");

> console.log(enGB.weekInfo) // Prints  {firstDay: 1, weekend: [6, 7], minimalDays: 4}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
console.log(enGB.weekInfo) // logs  {firstDay: 1, weekend: [6, 7], minimalDays: 4}
```

let msBN = new Intl.Locale("en-GB");

> console.log(msBN.weekInfo) // Prints {firstDay: 7, weekend: [5, 7], minimalDays: 1}  // Brunei weekend is Friday and Sunday but not Saturday 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
console.log(msBN.weekInfo) // logs {firstDay: 7, weekend: [5, 7], minimalDays: 1}  // Brunei weekend is Friday and Sunday but not Saturday 
```
